procedures: mounting secrets as a file or as an environment variable (#2083)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/assembly_mounting-secrets-as-file-or-env-variable-in-workspace-container.adoc

Users can mount a secret that contains sensitive data in a workspace container. This reapplies the stored data from the secret automatically for every newly created workspace. As a result, the user does not have to provide these credentials and configuration settings manually. 

The following sections describe how to automatically mount the {platforms-name} secret in a workspace container and create permanent mount points for components such as:

* Maven configuration, the `settings.xml` file 
* SSH key pairs
* AWS authorization tokens
* Git credentials store file

A secret can be mounted into a workspace container as a file or an environment variable:

> A file:: Creates automatically mounted Maven settings that will be applied to every new workspace with Maven capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File:: Creates automatically mounted Maven settings that will be applied to every new workspace with Maven capabilities.
```

> An environment variable:: Uses SSH key pairs and AWS authorization tokens for automatic authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variable:: Uses SSH key pairs and AWS authorization tokens for automatic authentication. 
```

+
NOTE: SSH key pairs can also be mounted as a file, but this format is primarily aimed at the settings of the Maven configuration.

> The mounting process uses the standard {platforms-name} mounting mechanism, but it requires additional annotations and labeling for a proper bound of a secret with the required {prod-short} workspace container.

Author: ```suggestion
The mounting process uses the standard {platforms-name} mounting mechanism, but it requires additional annotations and labeling to properly bind a secret with the required {prod-short} workspace container.
```
